DOC: Remove Gitpod as a local build option for users (#22911)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/user/building.rst

Building from source
====================

> Building locally on your machine gives you
> more granular control. If you are a MacOS or Linux user familiar with using the

Reviewer: Start with some motivation?

```suggestion
Building locally on your machine gives you complete control over build options.
If you are a MacOS or Linux user familiar with using the
```
